Update the Swan Lake Java Interoperability guide (#1532)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/calling-java-code-from-ballerina.md

#### Creating a Ballerina Project
```sh
> ballerina new yaml_project
Created new Ballerina project at yaml_project

Next:
    Move into the project directory and use `ballerina add <module-name>` to
    add a new Ballerina module.
```
#### Adding a Ballerina Module to Your Project

> Move into the project directory and execute the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the project directory and execute the following command.
```

Author: Done

#### Creating a Ballerina Project
```sh

> > ballerina new yaml_project

Reviewer 2: We should replace all occurrences of project to package

Author: Done

Created new Ballerina project at yaml_project

> Next:

Reviewer 2: We dont have this message now. Please refer to the message from the latest master

Author: Added the new message.

    Move into the project directory and use `ballerina add <module-name>` to
    add a new Ballerina module.
```
#### Adding a Ballerina Module to Your Project
Move into the project directory and execute the following command.
```sh

> > ballerina add yamlparser

Reviewer 2: We dont need to add a module now. `ballerina new` will create a package with the default module. We can continue with that.

Author: The example here demonstrates the `output` option of the `bindgen` command. Therefore, I kept this step along with a note that it is optional if the default root module is being used.

### Generated Bridge Code

When the tool is run, a `.bal` file will be created to represent each Java class. This would contain the respective Ballerina binding object along with the required Java interoperability mappings. These `.bal` files would reside inside sub directories representing the package structure.

Apart from creating bindings for the specified Java classes, the command will also generate empty Ballerina binding objects for the dependent Java classes. A Java class would be considered dependent if it is used inside one of the generated Ballerina binding objects.

A set of additional utility files will also be generated in order to support the auto-generated Ballerina bindings. This includes a `Constants.bal` file to store constants used for proper functioning of the Ballerina binding objects and `.bal` files to store the error types used within the Ballerina binding objects.

The generated bindings will be inside the specified output directory as follows.

	<specified-output-dir>

> 	    ├── <class-name>.bal // generated classes
>         ├── ...
> 	    ├── <class-name>.bal // generated dependent classes

Author: ```suggestion
	    ├── <class-name>.bal // generated classes
          ├── ...
	    ├── <class-name>.bal // generated dependent classes
```

The following subsections explain how the `bindgen` tool works.

- [The `bindgen` Command](#the-bindgen-command)
- [Generated Bridge Code](#generated-bridge-code)
- [Java to Ballerina Mapping](#java-to-ballerina-mapping)
    - [Java Classes](#java-classes)
    - [Constructors](#constructors)
    - [Methods](#methods)
    - [Fields](#fields)
    - [External Interop Functions](#external-interop-functions)
    - [Dependency Objects](#dependency-objects)
    - [Ballerina JObject](#ballerina-jobject)
- [Java to Ballerina Type Mappings](#java-to-ballerina-type-mappings)
- [Support for Java Subtyping](#support-for-java-subtyping)
- [Support for Java Casting](#support-for-java-casting)
- [Java Exceptions to Ballerina Errors](#java-exceptions-to-ballerina-errors)

> >**Note:** The `bindgen` tool is still experimental. We are in the process of improving the generated code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The `bindgen` tool is still experimental. The generated code is in the process of being improved.
```

Author: Done

### Java to Ballerina Mapping

#### Java Classes

> A Java class will be mapped onto a Ballerina class. This Ballerina class will have the same name as that of the Java class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Java class will be mapped to a Ballerina class. This Ballerina class will have the same name as the Java class.
```

Author: Done

> E.g., Generated Ballerina class of the `java.util.ArrayDeque` class will be as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g., The generated Ballerina class of the `java.util.ArrayDeque` class will be as follows.
```

Author: Done

When referring a Java code to figure out the imported classes, you should be cautious about the Java classes from the `java.lang` package since these will not be visible as imports in the Java code. However, you need not generate bindings for the `java.lang.String` class since it is mapped into the Ballerina `string` type from within the Ballerina bindings generated.

#### Constructors

> Constructors of Java classes will be mapped onto functions outside the Ballerina object. These function names are comprised of the constructor name prefixed with the `new` keyword. If there exists multiple constructors, they will be suffixed with an auto increment number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constructors of Java classes will be mapped to functions outside the Ballerina object. These function names are comprised of the constructor name prefixed with the `new` keyword. If there exists multiple constructors, they will be suffixed with an auto-incremented number.
```

Author: Done

```

#### Ballerina JObject

> A Ballerina binding class representing a Java class will always be implemented using the abstract object `JObject`. This is present inside the `ballerina/java` module of the Ballerina standard library and could be accessed as `java:JObject` if the java module is imported into a project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Ballerina binding class representing a Java class will always be implemented using the`JObject` abstract object. This is present inside the `ballerina/java` module of the Ballerina standard library and could be accessed as `java:JObject` if the java module is imported into a project.
```

Author: Done

>**Note:** If a Java exception class is generated as a Ballerina binding object, it would follow the naming convention `JException` or `JError`. For instance, the binding object's name for `java.io.FileNotFoundException` would be as `JFileNotFoundException`.

## Packaging Java Libraries with Ballerina Programs

> This section assumes that you have already read [Structuring Ballerina Code](/learn/structuring-ballerina-code/). When you compile a Ballerina program with`ballerina build`, the compiler creates an executable JAR file and when you compile a Ballerina module with`ballerina build -c`, the compiler creates a BALO file. In both cases, the Ballerina compiler produces self-contained archives. There are situations in which you need to package JAR files with these archives. The most common example would be packing the corresponding JDBC driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section assumes that you have already read [Structuring Ballerina Code](/learn/structuring-ballerina-code/). When you compile a Ballerina program with`ballerina build`, the compiler creates an executable JAR file and when you compile a Ballerina module with`ballerina build -c`, the compiler creates a BALO file. In both cases, the Ballerina compiler produces self-contained archives. There are situations in which you need to package JAR files with these archives. The most common example would be packing the corresponding JDBC driver.
```
Shall we add the [Structuring Ballerina Code] section as a prerequisite in a Note at the beginning?

Author: Added this as a note at the beginning of this section.

There are two kinds of Ballerina projects: 
1. Produces executable programs 
	* Contains a default root module and one or more Ballerina modules.
	* The default root module has a `main` method and/or one or more services.
	* Build the project with `ballerina build`.
2. Produces Ballerina library modules

> 	* Contains one or more Ballerina library modules, with at least one exported module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* Contains one or more Ballerina library modules with at least one exported module.
```

Author: Done
